all right
ah
hello everyone and welcome to distrihogar
Today we will teach you how to lay a bed
With hotel style the first step is
put a mattress protector that we
help to avoid the generation of mites
that occur when the mattress
absorbs any type of fluid
after having the mattress protector
well understood we move to place the
Fitted Sheet
this is the sheet that is in contact
direct with our body when we
we sleep for such a reason it is important
that is of very good quality to have
a more pleasant night
the quality of some sheets is determined
by the fabric composition percentage
of cotton and other fibers and the number of
threads the higher the percentage of
cotton on the largest fabric will be the
pressure that it offers among
the number of threads will be greater
perceived softness
the next step to spread the sheet
flat also known as on sheet
this is the sheet on which we put
the blanket and is the one that goes over
our body remember to keep in mind
the quality of the sheets that you buy from
it depends on the comfort freshness and
softness that you will receive while you sleep
then we dress the pillows with the
covers that match the sheets
for double or extra double beds is
ideal to have two 50 x 70 pillows
centimeters each for beds size
here we recommend two 50 x pillows
90 centimeters already having the envelope
sheet spread out and list the pillows with
your linings we proceed to place a
down that they usually handle in the
hotel beds this down goes inside
a cover of a kind of cover that
It has one tab on top and two openings
from the bottom that facilitates
understand the bed
with this product we achieve more
versatility of our beds as it is
more practical when washing and
store in addition we would only need one
blanket down and change the cover dv
if a new design is desired in this case
We use a 200-yarn hotel down
100% cotton that will help freshness
to give an aesthetic touch to the bed
We bend the cover as a wet
small valance on top and
then the sheet on top all
products match each other and
belong to the same collection with the
In order to guarantee coherence and elegance
usually the flat sheet has
some detail of making in this case
a gray border that contrasts with
the rest of the product
to continue we put the pillows
fellow governors who are with
more decorative details in order to
have a more elegant bed and
sophisticated without losing sobriety
to finish we put the cushions
decorative that come in designs
different and that they match with all the
bed
we hope you enjoyed this
video and give it a new look
hotelier to your body thank you very much